The customers can view available artists along with their professional details and sample albums. Thus can request managers for the artists of their choice. The calendar is introduced which stores the necessary information about the event and the contract remainders for the managers and the artist. The payment information is stored for the entire artist which can be seen by them and canforecast their progress. Payment table is designed for the calculation of salary based upon the information given and tax percent and the net salary is calculated for the artist. Manager Travel expenses are maintained in the expense table along with the dates so thatthe manager can track on his travel expenses. Recommendations table is updated such that manager/administrative assistant can maintain the recommendation information such that reports can be accessed to view fromwhere when and what all recommendations are received.

Stakeholders:1. FAME owner (Martin Forondo)2. FAME Managers (Pat Smith as we received information from him)3. Prospective Artist (Shannon Howard)4. Administrative Assistant (Alex Martin )5. Contracted Artist (Dale Dylan)6. Event Organizer (Sandy Wallis)Our team should meet the above mentioned stakeholders.

Since every stakeholder is new to the new Information system developed, we would like to meet everyone and review together (except customer) as the whole team would be aware of the business but will be signed off by the responsible stake holder.

Reports that can be reviewed by the stakeholders: Payment slips can be generated for Artists with the details like total amount, tax deductions, company deductions, etc.  Customer details can be generated and also can know which manager and customer are dealing. The similar report can also be generated for the event organizers. Managers can generate report on their travel expenses with dates Reports to get details of prospective artists The report generated from the calendar to know the events which are ongoing and the availability of each artist Artists can prioritize their work in calendar and work efficiently Artists information is available for the customers with sample music albums and their available dates.